---
path: "/bob-ross"
title: "Bob Ross"
description: "You have to allow the paint to break to make it beautiful. You can't make a mistake. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. Now then, let's play..."
thumbnail: "https://source.unsplash.com/random/100x100"
date: "2019-03-28T02:00:00Z"
published: true
---

You have to allow the paint to break to make it beautiful. You can't make a mistake. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. Now then, let's play.

From all of us here, I want to wish you happy painting and God bless, my friends. Anytime you learn something your time and energy are not wasted. There comes a nice little fluffer.

It takes dark in order to show light. Work that paint. That's a crooked tree. We'll send him to Washington.

Just think about these things in your mind and drop em' on canvas. Do an almighty painting with us. Just let your mind wander and enjoy. This should make you happy. Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is. Talk to trees, look at the birds. Whatever it takes.

Working it up and down, back and forth. We'll throw some happy little limbs on this tree. Nice little fluffy clouds laying around in the sky being lazy. We must be quiet, soft and gentle.

If we're going to have animals around we all have to be concerned about them and take care of them. It's beautiful - and we haven't even done anything to it yet. For the lack of a better word I call them hangy downs.

Now we can begin working on lots of happy little things. We'll lay all these little funky little things in there. This is the time to get out all your flustrations, much better than kicking the dog around the house or taking it out on your spouse. This is gonna be a happy little seascape.
